[RTC-345] Add distribution docs (#39)
jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-docs: docs/cluster.md

# Cluster

Jellyfish comes with a built-in clustering mechanism.

> By a cluster, we mean a set of connected Jellyfishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By a cluster, we mean a set of connected Jellyfish instances.
```

```sh
JF_DIST_ENABLED=true JF_DIST_NODE_NAME=j2@127.0.0.1 JF_DIST_NODES="j1@127.0.0.1" JF_PORT=4002 JF_METRICS_PORT=9468 mix phx.server
```

:::info

Note that when running the second Jellyfish, we had to change its HTTP and metrics ports.

:::

### Running with Docker (locally)

This simple docker compose file sets a cluster of two Jellyfishes.

```yml
version: "3"

x-jellyfish-template: &jellyfish-template
  build: .
  environment: &jellyfish-environment
    JF_SERVER_API_TOKEN: "development"
    JF_DIST_ENABLED: "true"
    JF_DIST_MODE: "sname"
    JF_DIST_NODES: "j1@jellyfish1 j2@jellyfish2"
  networks:
    - net1
  restart: on-failure

services:
  jellyfish1:
    <<: *jellyfish-template
    environment:
      <<: *jellyfish-environment
      JF_HOST: "localhost:5001"
      JF_PORT: 5001
      JF_METRICS_PORT: 6001
      JF_DIST_NODE_NAME: j1@jellyfish1
    ports:
      - 5001:5001
      - 6001:6001

  jellyfish2:
    <<: *jellyfish-template
    environment:
      <<: *jellyfish-environment
      JF_HOST: "localhost:5002"
      JF_PORT: 5002
      JF_METRICS_PORT: 6002
      JF_DIST_NODE_NAME: j2@jellyfish2
    ports:
      - 5002:5002
      - 6002:6002

networks:
  net1:

>     driver: bridge

Reviewer 2: I think that this is not needed because docker-compose by default creates a network that connects all services in this compose.

Author: Will check that

Author: Yup, looks like it's not needed :+1:

```

```bash
curl -X POST -H "authorization: Bearer development" http://localhost:4002/room
# {"data":{"jellyfish_address":"localhost:4002"}}
```

Load balancing can also be tested using [Jellyfish Dashboard](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-dashboard).
See [here](./tutorials/dashboard#loadbalancing-in-dashboard) for more information.

## Deeper dive into Erlang Distribution

The most tricky thing when running Jellyfish in a cluster is to understand the role of EPMD.
EPMD is responsible for mapping node names to ports they use.
Node names consist of two parts `nodename@hostname`.
`hostname` identifies a host machine, and `nodename` identifies a node on this machine.
When node A wants to connect to node B, it uses node's B name to ask EPMD (running on node B) 
for the actual port node B is accessible on.

**Example**

1. Let's assume that node's B name is `nodeb@192.168.1.2`.
1. Node A will contact EPMD using `192.168.1.2` IP address and port `4369`, and ask for the
port number used by a node with the name `nodeb`.
1. After that, node A can contact node B using `192.168.1.2` IP address and port returned by EPMD.

A couple of notes about EPMD:

> * it always uses port `4369` (TCP)

Reviewer 2: I would say that by default, it uses 4369.

Author: Currently there is no way to configure this port
